How to make sure that the load balancer correctly maps the client socket to the correct response.

So the flow of sending the data (we are using blocking sockets for ease of use for now, maybe update later)
goes like this. 

1. Load balancer will have a server set up and that server will receive client connections.

2. we read the http request from client connections.

3. Once we have the http request string, we have to forward it to one of the servers using some kind of strategry
like round robin.

4. After forwarding to the server, the server will respond to the http request.

5. The load balancer gets back the server response.

6. The tricky part here is that we want to figure out how to take in this response and then
send it to the client through the correct client socket.

So the server can handle multiple client requests, so the issue is that we have to make sure that the load balancer knows
which response from the server corresponds to which client. So here are some strategies on how to do this.

1. some kind of id we can send along with the request.

2. Add some sort of header, cookie, url re-writing (similar to id above but I guess maybe more specific)

3. We can use the source and destination port ip combo since we are using http 1.1. Since we are using http 1.1
there will not be multiple streams and concurrent http requests within the same socket. So each http request will
have its own socket. Unless the keep alive header is used in which case multiple http requests may be sent. But that
will only allow them to be sent sequentially and not in parallel where this is a mess of data to deal with. But in either 
case we are not using the keep alive.

I think I will stick with option 3 since it requires the least work. The IP + src port info is already accessible to us 
and so we can easily just use that to route to the same server. 



How to make the mapping to uniquely identify each request to server mapping?

1. So lets say we have 8 servers.
2. We use round robin to give each request to a server.
3. So now when we give a request to the server, we have to be able to map the
client socket that sent the request to the correct server.
4. We use the port + ip combo and that uniquely identifies the socket. 
5. The socket server on the load balancer forwards this request to one of the servers.
6. The server responds to the load balancer socket server. Now the issue is I don't know how
after this the load balancer will map this response with the correct client. 
